Add Figures for Team_Sync in the Memory Ordering Section (#18)
naveen-rn/specification: content/synchronization_model.tex

\hline
\end{tabular}
\clearpage

\begin{tabular}{p{0.2\textwidth} | p{0.7\textwidth}}
Collective synchronization over \\
\FUNC{shmem\_team\_sync}
&
\raisebox{-\totalheight}{\includegraphics[width=0.8\textwidth]{figures/sync}}
\end{tabular}

\begin{tabular}{p{0.2\textwidth} | p{0.7\textwidth}}
{}
&
{\FUNC{shmem\_team\_sync} guarantees that no \ac{PE} shall return from the
synchronization routine until all \acp{PE} in the team have entered the same

> \FUNC{shmem\_team\_sync} call. But, it does not guarantee completion of all
> local and remote memory operations issues by all \acp{PE} within the team.
> Additionally, a \FUNC{shmem\_quiet} routine is required to be used by all
> \acp{PE} within the team before the \FUNC{shmem\_team\_sync} call to
> guarantee the completion of stores and remote memory updates via \openshmem.}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\FUNC{shmem\_team\_sync} call. It does not guarantee completion of
local and remote memory operations issued by \acp{PE} within the team.
To do so, \FUNC{shmem\_quiet} should be called on the desired context(s) by all
\acp{PE} within the team before the \FUNC{shmem\_team\_sync} call to
guarantee the completion of the associated stores and remote memory updates via \openshmem.}
```
